Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)
I’m a student from India keen to learn about Cyber Security especially usable security.Since the quality of education in our college is not up to the mark, the only way to get a viable career option in the future for me is to take this course.Since I am a student and our college does not permit part time job, I would not be able to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. I am really excited for this course, since it presents me with a great opportunity to grow my skills and become a professional as I graduate in the same or prospective fields with a great resume. Coursera has been a great platform among my peers and following them I am very excited to take my first course here!



How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)
Cyber Security being a field in high demand, I want to complete the this Course by University of Maryland, College Park. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Cyber security and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. As written above, Coursera has been not only suggested by my student peers but also our college faculty , and so following their prestigious advice, I would be glad to gain more knowledge and hone my skills with this course.Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I think will supplement my learning. I also plan to grade assignments which are peer reviewed which I believe will be an invaluable learning opportunity.



If you answered no, please help us understand why.
As I have answered before, having no permanent source of income, I really don't see any way of advancing and paying for my course.