I’m a student from India and want to learn Python. I think it will be beneficial for my work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my education loan money,it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.I want to take this course as I want to learn.This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


My main career goal is to learn every day. I really want to learn and to progress in my career. Python requires constant learning and improving. Taking this course will help 
me to learn and study this and also to implement it. It can help me advance in my knowledge.This course will help me in defining the technology,understanding how this could potentially impact our business and industry,to write a thought  regarding use cases and industry potential of python,explain this to friends, business leaders, entrepreneurs, and technologists that are shaping this technology as we speak. This  course will help me achieve it to learn. Courses on Coursera helped me to greatly increase my android developing knowledge in the past. And I have completed the first course of the python and this is the second course related to that. It will help me to get full knowledge about the course 
I wanted to learn.

-------------------------------------------

As I told before I don't have a job right now and I'm living in my loan money. 
So I can't afford a low-interest loan to pay for my course.